TF generation fixes (#344)
huggingface/course: chapters/en/chapter7/3.mdx

{#if fw === 'tf'}

> Once we're logged in, we can create our `tf.data` datasets. We use `model.prepare_tf_dataset()` here which uses our model to automatically infer which columns should go into the dataset. If you want to control exactly what columns to use, you can use `dataset.to_tf_dataset()` instead. We'll just use the standard data collator here, but you can also try the whole word masking collator and compare the results as an exercise:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once we're logged in, we can create our `tf.data` datasets. To do so, we'll use the `prepare_tf_dataset()` method, which uses our model to automatically infer which columns should go into the dataset. If you want to control exactly which columns to use, you can use the `Dataset.to_tf_dataset()` method instead. To keep things simple, we'll just use the standard data collator here, but you can also try the whole word masking collator and compare the results as an exercise:
```
